in Lugansk People's Republic
Month of voluntary surrender continues
ammunition and explosive weapons
he was announced for July with a view
countering trafficking
crime prevention weapons
Head of Investigation Department
Attorney General LNR Leonid Tkachenko on
press conferences in Lugansk
the information center said that
citizens who voluntarily surrender
these items are exempt from
criminal liability from January to
end of May this year law enforcement officers lnr
seized 151,000 illegal weapons
in the first week of the promotion in July
another 9600 and for the second week 3700 in their
including machine guns and grenade launchers when
civilians otherwise as they
keep moving with weapons by
settlements
not exactly the legal permission right
but it's mostly usually trophy
weapon or trophy weapon that is found
dressed but in the fields of retired battles either
produced in some way illegal
as for not for cash legitimate
military formations of our republic
then present in setting in
Lugansk People's Republic of this
towards a more normalized all
those in the military vani grain and other
armed formations which
refused to obey the orders of the head
on the Lugansk People’s Republic also to
models of the people's militia they are annoyed
verified their involvement in committing
those or other crime offenses
and those who have expressed a desire to further
pass legalized so let's say service
prints of the militia they entered the
service of certain military units and
units that are part of
People's militia but those who were
Proven involvement to kat strong on
stage pretrial investigation proved
completely certain offenses and
offenses from i will come to cyclone
responsibility if someone thinks that
bai situation in and on but
when not hurry like those either or other
merit and she any crimes
write off but this is a deep disappointment
I can bring Toshiba wrong opinion
because sooner or later the universe
stopped secret becomes clear and
for every act is illegal will have
I still want to answer with regard to weapons
add now very fashionable going on
retention and legs glad this premium
Weapon direct on gave birth there Dad
Cossack here chieftain, too, spend little
educational program for various premium weapons
can only vouch for
through the decree of the head of Lugansk folk
republic in my memory in my memory
may well be wrong, two cases were
total finding combat they build
weapons